{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-patient.html">Specialty Prescription Patient</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Patient resource for carrying the patient information needed to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-medicationrequest.html">Specialty Prescription Prescription</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the MedicationRequest resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-practitioner.html">Specialty Prescription Practitioner</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Practitioner resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-condition.html">Specialty Prescription Condition</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Condition resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-practitionerrole.html">Specialty Prescription Practitioner Role</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Practitioner Role resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-allergyintolerance.html">Specialty Prescription Allergy Intolerance</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the AllergyIntolerance resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-provider-organization.html">Specialty Prescription Provider Organization</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Organization resource to represent a provider organization (clinic, health system, etc.) in the Specialty Medication Prescribing process.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-location.html">Specialty Prescription Location</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Location resource to support specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-careteam.html">Specialty Prescription Care Team</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the CareTeam resource to reference caregivers in the specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-relatedperson.html">Specialty Prescription Related Person</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the RelatedPerson resource to capture caregivers in the specialty medication dispensing and enrollment in related programs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-payor-organization.html">Specialty Prescription Payor Organization</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Organization resource to represent a payor organization in the Specialty Medication Prescribing process.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-specialty-rx-lab-observation.html">Specialty Prescription Lab Observation</a> </td><td><p>This profile tailors the Observation resource to represent a patient lab result in the Specialty Medication Prescribing process.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}